Meeting Schedule & Notes Page (#9)
ProjectPythia/projectpythia.github.io: content/pages/meetings.md

# Meeting Schedule & Notes

## Weekly Working Group Meetings

> Project Pythia holds weekly public meetings every Thursday at 11:00AM Mountain (1:00PM Eastern) on [Zoom](https://ucar-edu.zoom.us/j/91375487587).

Author: ```suggestion
Project Pythia holds weekly public meetings every Thursday at 11:00AM Mountain (1:00PM Eastern) on Zoom.  Please find links and information about how to join in the calendar below.
```
